# DiceRoll
The Dice Roll Game was a project that was given to me by my java instructor. The instructor gave us a week to come up with the code from scratch. I am very proud of this code because I am very new to programming and I was able to get the project done with in the time that was given.  This is a really cool program that rolls seven different die and outputs the number each one rolled.  This program rolls 4, 6, 8, 10, 12, 20, and 100 sided die, each outputting its own number.  In this project there is a main function and a class of the main function.  In the class of the main function is where most of the instructions are. The class starts off by declaring the different die and by letting the program know that each will be a number. Next the program is declaring what each individual dice will be doing and how many sides it has. This piece of code declares which dice it is and that it will randomly generate a number between 1 and the number of sides it has.  The next code in the project is getter methods. Each method will generate each dice to the main function when called on.  In the main function the first thing we must do is to import the different operators such as the math library and the random library. The math library allows the program to use and implement mathematical symbols. The random library allows the program to generate random numbers.  Next in the main function is the caller. The caller calls the class and gets the information about each dice, finding out how many sides it has and how it is going to roll the dice and randomly generate the number the dice lands on. Then the program prints out each dice and outputs the number that each dice stopped on. 
